hi I'm Todd I camp tiara Dakota angler
here in Sioux Falls South Dakota with
this week's two minute fishing report
well folks as usual the weather
continues to be the story and if you're
a fan of open water fishing you
definitely like this past week's weather
if your fan of ice fishing honestly you
probably didn't really care for this
weather it definitely took a toll on the
ice conditions across much of eastern
South Dakota one thing to think about
folks have guys got out early in the
week and also towards the end of the
week but there's still ice out there and
you really really need to be cautious
and quite honestly it's probably very
very unsafe if you do go on if you do
walk out now I emphasize walk out make
sure you drill holes before you go out
there and remember the ice conditions
change drastically from morning to
afternoon so keep that in mind some guys
were able to get out as I mentioned
earlier in the week and then towards the
end of the week up in the northeastern
part of the state some legs like wha be
a bitter Clubhouse Lou pious reads
produce fish up there whether or not be
walleyes perch and also some crappies
but again right now ice conditions are
very unsafe and I would think and I
would recommend that you think about
putting your ice fishing need equipment
away for the season as far as open water
is concerned to the Missouri River
continues to do really well using jigs
and minnows guys are coming away with
some really nice long lines out there
and then even some of the lakes down the
southeastern part of the state there's
enough open water to cast from shore and
catch a few long slit twin also
vermilion and then also henry WK things
will be changing throughout this week so
more morals and water will become
available to you throughout this
upcoming week now it's time to take a
look at a few photos from this path
we
you
and remember folks if you'd like your
photo included in next week's version of
the two-minute fishing report please
send it to me send it to tada Dakota
angler com or post it to our Facebook
wall and if i use your photo your name
will be entered into a monthly drawing
for a $25 gift certificate still
remember take that photo and then send
it to me and folks as they're putting
your ice fishing equipment away and
pulling out your open water stuff don't
forget to stop on by here at the store
take a look at all the things that are
new the new doors for a lot of rapala
all the new rods and we dos stop on by
here to store at eleven-twenty east
benson road and take a look at all the
new open-water fishing equipment and if
we don't have it will order it free and
no additional charge whatsoever and also
if you're finding on any type of large
open water trip like up to Canada eerie
you name it and you need a flat across
or a half flat across give us a call at
6 05 3369 132 to reserve your flat today
well folks that's this week's two minute
fishing report for Dakota angler I'm the
owner Todd I campaign as we say around
here fish on we'll see you next time and
thanks again for watching